>> Melissa: A TWITTER WAR
BREAKS OUT BETWEEN TWO
PROMINENT VOICES ON THE LEFT
AND THE RIGHT IT ALL STARTED
WITH ROSIE O'DONNELL'S
SUGGESTION THAT SHE WOULD
BRIBE LAWMAKERS TO VOTE
AGAINST THE TAX BILL.
FEDERAL LAW.
FROM THERE, THINGS GOT
INCREASINGLY, WELL,
PERSONAL.
WITH O'DONNELL TELLING
SHAPIRO TO DO THINGS THAT WE
CAN'T SAY HERE ON
TELEVISION, PROMPTING
SHAPIRO TO SEND OUT THIS
TWEET TODAY.
JUST REPORTED ROSY FOR
TARGETED HARASSMENT JUST TO
SEE IF TWITTER DOES HAVE A
DOUBLE STANDARD.
EVERYONE KNOWS IF ROSY WAS
CONSERVATIVE TWITTER WOULD
SUSPEND HER IN A HOT SECOND.
SO TWITTER PUT YOUR MONEY
WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS, ME TOO.
OH BEN, ALL VICTIMS DESERVE
TO BE BELIEVED.
THE STORY DOESN'T END THERE.
JOINING US NOW IN EXCLUSIVE
EDITOR DAILY WIRE.
I KNOW YOU JUST HEARD FROM
IS UP TO TWEET.
HER ORIGINAL TWEET WHERE SHE
SAYS $2 MILLION TO SENATOR
SUSAN COLLINS, SENATOR JEFF
FLAKE IF THEY VOTE NO.
NO, I WILL NOT KILL
AMERICANS, THAT'S WHAT SHE
TWEETED.
I DON'T KNOW HOW THIS IS
KILLING AMERICANS.
THAT'S OKAY.
FOR THE SOUR RICH, I THINK
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO SAY
WHILE DOING THIS PROBABLY
WITH HER FINGERS, YOU
RESPONDED THAT IF TRUMP
ORDERS SESSIONS TO
INVESTIGATE ROSY HE WILL BE
CARVED INTO RUSH MORE BY
FRIDAY WHICH I THOUGHT WAS A
PRETTY GOOD BURN.
WHAT INSPIRED TO YOU PILE ON
THIS MESS BECAUSE IT WAS
ALREADY OUT OF CONTROL.
>> WELL, I MEAN, IT WAS
OBVIOUS THAT SHE HAD
ACTUALLY VIOLATED AT LEAST
FORMALLY 18 U.S. C 210, 201,
ONE OF THE PROVISIONS.
>> SPECIFIC PROVISION OF THE
U.S. CODE.
IN DOING SO SHE HAD DONE
THIS ON TWITTER.
I PILED ON A LITTLE BIT.
ANATOMICAL ACT ON HER THAT
CERTAINLY WOULD FALL UNDER
SHE TOLD ME TO PERFORM IT ON
A MALE APPENDAGE OF HERS.
THAT WAS WEIRD.
>> Melissa: LET'S NOT GET
NOW.
>> THAT'S PROBABLY SMART.
I RESPONDED BY ESSENTIALLY
SAYING THAT SHE WAS ALREADY
A FELON.
THERE WAS NO NEED TO MAKE
HERSELF INTO A HOMOPHOBIC
SEXUAL HARASSER AS WELL.
THINGS DEGENERATED FROM
THERE.
>> Melissa: ABSOLUTELY.
THE SERIOUS PART OF THIS IS
SHE TOLD YOU TO DO THINGS TO
HER THAT OF COURSE HARVEY
WEINSTEIN AND LOTS OF PEOPLE
ARE IN TROUBLE FOR TRYING TO
GET PEOPLE TO DO TO THEM.
I MEAN, IF A MAN SAID THIS
TO A WOMAN, YOU SAY
CONSERVATIVE VERSUS LIBERAL,
RECOIL IN HORROR AND JUST
WOULD REALLY BE ON YOUR
SIDE.
NOT THIS TIME.
>> NO QUESTION.
I MEAN, IF I HAD SAID
EXACTLY THE SAME WORDS TO
ROSIE O'DONNELL THAT SHE
SAID TO ME ON TWITTER.
VERY LITTLE DOUBT THAT I
WOULD HAVE BEEN SUSPENDED OR
EXPELLED FROM TWITTER FOR
TARGETED HARASSMENT OR ABUSE
UNDER THE RULES.
SO I DECIDED TO FIND OUT
EXACTLY HOW TWITTER OPERATED
AND SO I REPORTED HER FOR
AND THEN I HAVE NOW RECEIVED
BACK THEIR NOTICE THAT
APEARKTLY THERE WAS NO
VIOLATION OF THE TWITTER
SHE DID NOT PERFORM BEHAVIOR
WHICH CROSSES THE LINE INTO
ABUSE.
I TOTALLY UNDERSTANDING WHY
WE CAN'T READ THESE TWEETS
ON AIR BECAUSE THEY ARE
OBSCENE AND ABUSIVE.
THAT'S WHY TWITTER PROBABLY
SHOULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING
IF THEY CARED ABOUT
ENFORCING THEIR OWN RULES.
I ACTUALLY DON'T WANT ROSIE
O'DONNELL TOSSED OFF
TWITTER.
I FIND HER FAR TOO AMUSING
AND SAD SHE BLOCKED ME
TODAY.
THAT SAID, I THINK THE
TWITTER SHOULD BE HELD A
COUNT FOR ITS OWN
ENFORCEMENT OF THE RULES.
IT'S WILDLY INCONSISTENT.
>> Melissa: WE ARE LOOKING
YOU.
SHE HAS A LONG TWITTER
HISTORY.
SOME OF HER BEST TIMES WERE
TYPES OF NAMES COMPARING HIM
TO BODY PARTS, SAYING HOW
ORANGE HE WAS.
TALKING ABOUT HIS
APPEARANCE.
AGAIN, TALKING ABOUT THINGS
IF TWEETED AT A WOMAN OR
TWEETED AT HILLARY CLINTON
ABOUT HER APPEARANCE PEOPLE
WOULD BE ALL UP IN ARMS.
THIS IS WHAT SHE WAS DOING
TO DONALD TRUMP.
SHE SAID HE WAS LIKE THE
SNAKE -- LITTLE HOUSE ON THE
PRAIRIE WHICH I KIND OF
LIKED FOR OBVIOUS REASONS.
BUT, ALL THESE THINGS GOING
ON, SHE IS ON TWITTER BUT,
TWITTER DOES NOTHING ABOUT
IT WHEN SHE ATTACKS SOMEONE
WITH WHAT SHOULD BE SEXUAL
HARASSMENT.
DO THEY HAVE A TRACK RECORD
OF BANNING OTHER PEOPLE FOR
SAYING THINGS LIKE THIS
THOUGH.
>> THEY DO HAVE A TRACK
RECORD OF AT LEAST BLOCKING
PEOPLE'S TWEETS FOR
CONSIDERED ABUSIVE OR
SUSPENDING PEOPLE ABUSIVE.
THEY HAVE A TRACK RECORD OF
GOING AFTER PEOPLE FOR
SERVICE SUGGEST THAT YOU ARE
NOT ALLOWED TO ISSUE TWEETS
LIKE THIS.
BUT THEY HAVE A RATHER
ARBITRARY STANDARD OBVIOUSLY
FOR WHAT THEY CHOOSE TO
ENFORCE OR NOT ENFORCE.
MY QUESTIONS THEY DIDN'T
WANT TO OPEN THE CAN OF
WORMS THAT WOULD HAVE
NECESSITATED OPENING IN
ORDER TO TAKE ANY ACTION
THINGS TO HER WHICH IS
HORRIFYING IN CONTEMPLATION.
>> Melissa: SHE SEEMED VERY
SINCERE WHEN SHE WENT ON AND
TWEETED LONG TWEETS ABOUT
EXACTLY HOW MUCH MONEY SHE
WANTED TO GIVE TO
THEM-TO-VOTE NO.
SHE SOUNDED VERY SERIOUS.
SO, I DON'T KNOW.
THERE IS A LOT OF DEBATE
RIGHT NOW ABOUT WHETHER OR
SINCE IT WAS ON TWITTER.
WE WILL SEE.